Split intro into sections (#1009)
opensafely/documentation: docs/databuilder-vs-cohortextractor.md

# Data Builder and cohort-extractor
## Missing features from cohort-extractor

> * Many features of cohort-extractor are not yet implemented in Data
>   Builder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Some features of cohort-extractor are still not yet implemented in Data
  Builder. Data Builder's GitHub issue tracker [shows the current development status](https://github.com/opensafely-core/databuilder/issues?q=label%3Acohortextractor-parity) of these features.
```

    * The current development approach is to implement a few features in Data
      Builder fully end-to-end.
    * See the [ehrQL reference](ehrql-reference.md) for a complete list
      of supported features.

> * Data Builder has no current way to generate dummy data.

Reviewer: suggestion: As mentioned elsewhere in this review, it does now, and we may want a page to link to describe it.

studies can continue to be run.

However:

* New features are likely to only be added to Data Builder.
* It may become infeasible to support cohort-extractor if the
  currently supported data backends undergo considerable change.

!!! Note "More detail for existing cohort-extractor users"

    The dataset definition used by Data Builder has the same underlying
    purpose as cohort-extractor's [study definition](study-def.md).

    To extract data, an OpenSAFELY research study would typically use one of:

    * Data Builder with a dataset definition
    * cohort-extractor with a [*study definition*](study-def.md)

    Dataset definitions have a considerably different structure from the
    study definitions. You will need to refer to the new language to write
    a dataset definition.

    Cohorts are now referred to as datasets. This accommodates the
    possibility of handling other types of data, other than purely
    patient data.

    The main researcher-facing change with the introduction of Data Builder is
    the new language for extracting datasets. Data Builder does not affect
    the rest of the structure of an OpenSAFELY project.

> 

Reviewer: nit: Remove the trailing blank lines.
